OSDOCS-5851-Newer: Document post-install AWS LZ work (#65877)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/post-install-edge-aws-extend-machineset.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/aws-compute-edge-tasks.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="post-install-edge-aws-extend-machineset"]
= Creating a machine set manifest for AWS Local Zones node

> After you created subnets in an AWS Local Zones, you can create a machine set manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create subnets in an AWS Local Zones, you can create a machine set manifest.
```

Reviewer: I was thinking, since you use "After" the past-tense "created" isn't necessary.

Reviewer: Should it be a prerequisite for this procedure that you must have subnets in an AWS Local Zone?

The installation program sets the following labels for the `edge` machine pools at cluster installtion time:

* `machine.openshift.io/parent-zone-name: <value_of_ParentZoneName>`
* `machine.openshift.io/zone-group: <value_of_ZoneGroup>`
* `machine.openshift.io/zone-type: <value_of_ZoneType>`

The following example in the procedure details how you can create a machine set configuraton that matches the `edge` compute pool configuration.

.Procedure

> * To preserve those labels when creating the machine set manifest manually, you must gather the AWS API by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manually preserve`edge` machine pool labels when creating the machine set manifest by gathering the AWS API and running the following command:
```

Reviewer: I suggest this, just to make the procedure step more actionable from the beginning and clarify "those" labels.

[source,terminal]
----
$ aws ec2 describe-availability-zones --region <value_of_Region> \
    --query 'AvailabilityZones[].{
	ZoneName: ZoneName,
	ParentZoneName: ParentZoneName,
	GroupName: GroupName,
	ZoneType: ZoneType}' \
    --filters Name=zone-name,Values=<value_of_ZoneName> \
    --all-availability-zones
----

where:

<value_of_Region>:: Specifies the name of the region for the zone.

> <value_of_ZoneName>:: Specifies the name of the Local Zone.

Reviewer: My same comment as above, I think these need to be code callouts instead of the current presentation. See: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * post_installation_configuration/aws-compute-edge-tasks.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="post-install-edge-aws-extend-machineset"]

> = Creating a machine set manifest for AWS Local Zones node

Reviewer 2: for an AWS Local Zones node?

```suggestion
= Creating a machine set manifest for an AWS Local Zones node
```

After you create subnets in AWS Local Zones, you can create a machine set manifest.

The installation program sets the following labels for the `edge` machine pools at cluster installation time:

* `machine.openshift.io/parent-zone-name: <value_of_ParentZoneName>`
* `machine.openshift.io/zone-group: <value_of_ZoneGroup>`

> * `machine.openshift.io/zone-type: <value_of_ZoneType>`

Reviewer 3: Not going to block merge on this, but typically we would force-lowercase any user-replaceable values (so, these, and any other similar instances throughout the PR, like `<value_of_GroupName>`), though I realize they're likely referring to the literal capitalization of the related fields.

Author: Thanks. That is correct given the nature of the literals and trying to be more direct so no confusion arises. Sometimes customer feedback comes in the form of changing these values , so using literals avoids this confusion.

> The following example in the procedure details how you can create a machine set configuraton that matches the `edge` compute pool configuration.

Reviewer 2: Do we maybe want to make this more concise? Also, typo.

```suggestion
The following procedure details how you can create a machine set configuration that matches the `edge` compute pool configuration.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have created subnets in AWS Local Zones.

.Procedure

> * Manually preserve `edge` machine pool labels when creating the machine set manifest by gathering the AWS API. To complete this action, enter the following command in your  command-line interface (CLI):

Reviewer 3: Extra space:
```suggestion
* Manually preserve `edge` machine pool labels when creating the machine set manifest by gathering the AWS API. To complete this action, enter the following command in your command-line interface (CLI):
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ aws ec2 describe-availability-zones --region <value_of_Region> \// <1>
    --query 'AvailabilityZones[].{
	ZoneName: ZoneName,
	ParentZoneName: ParentZoneName,
	GroupName: GroupName,
	ZoneType: ZoneType}' \
    --filters Name=zone-name,Values=<value_of_ZoneName> \// <2>
    --all-availability-zones
----
<1> For `<value_of_Region>`, specify the name of the region for the zone.
<2> For `<value_of_ZoneName>`, specify the name of the Local Zone.

> .Example output for Local Zone `us-east-1-scl-1a`
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> [
>     {
>         "ZoneName": "us-east-1-scl-1a",
>         "ParentZoneName": "us-east-1c",
>         "GroupName": "us-east-1-scl-1",

Reviewer 4: In the section `Sample YAML for a compute machine set custom resource on AWS` we are showing `us-east-1-nyc-1a` . It may not be required, but to improve the readability I suggest to synchronize the examples:

```suggestion
.Example output for Local Zone `us-east-1-nyc-1a`
[source,terminal]
----
[
    {
        "ZoneName": "us-east-1-nyc-1a",
        "ParentZoneName": "us-east-1f",
        "GroupName": "us-east-1-nyc-1",
```
